Psalm 73 a psalm of Asaph truly God is
good to Israel to such as our pure in
heart but as for me my feet had almost
stumbled my steps that nearly slipped
where I was envious of the boastful when
I saw the prosperity of the wicked for
there are no pangs and their death but
their strength is firm they are not in
trouble as other men nor they plagued
like other men
therefore pride serves as their necklace
violence covers them like a garment
their eyes bulge with abundance they
have more than heart could wish they
scoff and speak wickedly concerning
oppression they speak lawfully they set
their mouth against the heavens and
their tongue walks through the earth
therefore his people return here and
waters of a full cup are drained by them
and they say how does God know and is
their knowledge in the Most High behold
these are the ungodly who are always at
ease they increase in riches surely I
have cleansed my heart in vain and
washed my hands in innocence for all day
long I have been plagued and chastened
every morning if I had said I will speak
thus behold I would have been untrue to
the generation of your children when I
thought how to understand this it was
too painful for me until I went into the
sanctuary of God then I understood their
end
surely you set them in Slippery places
you cast them down to destruction oh how
they are brought to desolation as in a
moment they are utterly consumed with
terrors
as a dream when one wakes so Lord when
you awake you shall despise their image
thus my heart was grieved and I was
vexed in my mind it was so foolish and
ignorant that was like a beast before
you nevertheless I'm continually with
you you hold me by my right hand you
will guide me with your counsel and
afterward receive me to glory whom have
I in heaven but you and there is none
upon earth that I desire besides you my
flesh and my heart fail but God is the
strength of my heart and my portion
forever for indeed those who are far
from you Shall Perish you have destroyed
all those who desert you for harlotry
but it is good for me
to draw near to God I have put my trust
in the Lord God that I may declare all
your works
[Music]